Add documentation for new features in tizen studio 6.0 (#2024)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/vscode-ext/tools/welcome-page.md

# Welcome Page: Tizen Extension for VS Code 

## Open Welcome Page

>    - Click on the **Tizen Extension icon** present in **Activity Bar**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Click on the **Tizen Extension** icon present in **Activity Bar**:
```

     - Accept the license agreement by clicking **I Agree**:  

     ![Select I Agree](media/i-agree.png)

     - Choose an **empty folder** to install Tizen SDK:

     ![Select Folder](media/select-folder.png)

     - The installation process will begin:

     ![Installation Started](media/installation-started.png)

## Use Existing Tizen Baseline SDK

   - To use an **existing Tizen SDK**, select **Use Installed Tizen SDK**:

     ![Use Installed Tizen SDK](media/use-installed-sdk.png)

     - Select the **path** where the **Tizen SDK is installed**:

     ![Select Tizen SDK Path](media/select-sdk-path.png)

     - A **pop-up** will confirm if Tizen SDK is **set** correctly:

     ![SDK Set Properly](media/sdk-set-properly.png)

   - For more information about **Tizen Native/Web/Dotnet app development**, click as shown in following figure:
     
     ![Click more information](media/more-information.png)

     - A new page will be opened in the default browser:

     ![Information Page](media/information-page.png)

   - For more information about **Tizen SDK and its features**, click here:

     ![Click more about Tizen SDK](media/more-about-sdk.png)

>      Tizen documentation page will be opened in the default browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Tizen Documentation** page will open in the default browser:
```
